add: smoke tests and usage instructions (#14)
canonical/snappy-env: tests/README.md

# snappy-env smoke tests

> These are smoke tests that check if the main functionalities of `bash` and `rust` versions of `snappy-env` program are working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are smoke tests that check if the main functionalities of the `rust` implementation of `snappy-env` program are working.
```
